Yes.
Neuropsychology or Neuroscience.
Eh no.
But I did conduct experiments but not with the Stroop task.
Yeah, I am pretty sure I have participated in studies that had the Stroop task. I knew what it was and I know what it feels like to do it. But I can't remember the specific times that I conducted - or participated in an experiment but I am pretty sure that I have participated.
Matlab and R.
My peers - what are my peers? Because we are in the [REDACTED] Department - so compared to my peers I think -
Yeah. So, I think it is pretty good. So maybe an 8.
Ehm, I am not aware of the methods that you use to detect these false data. So that makes me a little bit less confident. But I think it is still a 6.
Ehm, I did most of it in one day and then finished it a little bit - on a different day.
Well, I spread it over two days but I didn't work two days full-time on it.
I think maybe two hours.
Yeah, I guess.
Ehm, well not that much effort, I think. 3.
Yes, I looked up in what kind of scale the reactions times are. So, I tried to find papers in which they just did a Stroop task without any additional questions or just the Stroop task with congruent and incongruent and just looked at how much sort of the reaction times and the standard deviations were. These two things together gave an idea in what range I should make my data.
Maybe half an hour.
No. But I thought about doing that but, yeah, took a little bit too much time to do it for this purpose.
No. I thought it was a little bit cheating also to do it. But I was curious what methods you use - and probably try to get around it but, yeah, it was too much effort to do it. So, I thought I just simulated the [data?] in straightforward fashion.
So, it influenced my - just I wanted to draw a sample from a normal distribution with some mean and some standard deviation depending on if it is a congruent or an incongruent condition. And I didn't know what kind of reaction times to expect. So, I just looked at how much is the reaction time in general. If I could find an appropriate mean and standard deviation to fabricate the data.
Ehm, I don't think so.
Ehm, yes probably. To make it look more fabricated… Maybe if the difference between the conditions is equal for all participants - or between conditions that would make it look fabricated, I guess. And yeah probably if it is maybe too normally distributed so maybe in fabricated data you would not expect any outliers and in real data there might be outliers. Yeah. So it might be have skewed distributions in some directions.
What do you mean – genuine?
Ehm. Yeah if it is appropriate values that are to be expected of some experiment. And if .. yeah if the distribution of the values are what you would expect. So are normally – or probably mostly normally distributed – even though this was also my answer for the previous question. Yeah. So I would expect that if you do an experiment like this where you have many trials – so 30 trials – then the means would be normally distributed because you have so much trials. But if you look at a trial-to-trial basis then I think the distribution would look different, would look less normal for each individual but over all individuals the distribution of the means would still look normal. So that is why I generated my data in a normal way even though I thought that it would probably for an individual not look so normal.
Ehm so I did take into account that I think that the data would be normally distributed over all participants. So the means of the participants would be normally distributed. But I did not take into account that the trials per individual would be skewed probably. 
Ehm yes. So, I would expect maybe to find gender differences but I could not find - and when I looked at literature – and I did not find it or many gender differences, I think. So then it didn’t take into account. Then I thought there are probably some individual differences that some people are just better in the Stroop task than others. So, I did take into account that each individual has a like personal score how well he or she performs in the Stroop task. 
Ehm, I didn’t really take any additional measures other than to look at the values and see like do they look sort of in the range that I expect and, yeah, so I did not try to do any tests or anything to try and find my own false data.
Yeah, so I did take the individual … eh I did have an individual score but I noticed that in the test, the t-test that you did was sort of a paired t-test over the Stroop effect, I think. And the individual scores don’t matter for that. So, I didn’t pay too much attention to the size of the individual differences because I thought, well, this doesn’t really matter anyway for the – at least for the statistical test that you do with it. But it could be - you might look at some different things that you didn’t put into the Excel sheet. So there is a t-test in the Excel sheet but you might look at different things and I didn’t paid attention to that. So, I could have paid more attention to individual differences.
No.
Ehm, yes. As I mentioned I looked at appropriate means for just young individuals with the Stroop task in the congruent and incongruent condition. I can look at what I came up with... I think I had a mean of 545 with a difference between the conditions of 125 milliseconds. So, that is what I used as the mean. And I did add some individual noise to the means per participant which added random noise with a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 20 for each individual.
Eh, so I just drew from a random distribution with Matlab – eh from a normal distribution, I mean. So for each individual, I took a standard normal distribution and multiplied it with the standard deviation and added the means. 
Eh yeah, so I kind of answered it already but well I took a standard deviation of about 70 which was a little bit lower for the congruent than for the incongruent condition. I took a difference of 6 meaning that the congruent was 6 lower (so 67) than the incongruent [which was?] 73 as a standard deviation. So I drew from a standard normal distribution and multiplied it with the standard deviation.
No, I don’t think so. No. So only – there was no individual noise for the standard deviations.
Eh, I did vary with the means and the standard deviations, yes. So I did repeatedly fabricate the data.
Well, at first, I thought the effect size was really big. So I tried to make it like more exciting. So the t-score was so big that I wanted to have a little bit less difference between the groups to make the research appear more interesting. But on the other hand I thought that it must be a pretty strong effect [in?] the Stroop task [with?] a congruent and incongruent because it is just pretty difficult to do the incongruent task while the congruent is quite easy. So I would expect quite a big difference and you had quite a big sample of 30 trials per participants and 25 participants. And also a within-subjects design so you have a paired t-test which has quite a lot of power to find this difference. So, I was not really surprised by having such a big difference but I did start out with a bigger difference at first and then made it smaller. But it is still a big effect.
Yeah, so I did look at the standard deviations to see if they remained close to [the – like if?] the standard deviation remained close to what I though it should be - like the 70 plus/minus 6 – or plus/minus 3 that I generated. And it appeared to look - to be in that area and I thought it was good enough, so.
Ehm, I did not do any specific tests to look at if they were weird or not. I did make a histogram but – well, I did make a histogram. So that might be – yeah that was probably to look at [weird things?].
Ehm yeah. Well, no, no specific steps for that either. So, ehm.
So, that was what I had constantly on my mind. To make it look like real data. I kind of had it in the back of my mind all the time but no specific steps for it.
Hmm. Probably quite a bit. Maybe 5, 10. But I did not after each time inspect my data thoroughly. I just looked it at and thought well, just throw in a different one and go ahead and run it again.
Yeah, that was at the beginning - was mostly my concern that I thought it was too big. So, but I did try to run a t-test to see if it was the same value as the one coming out of the Excel sheet but it wasn’t. And then I noticed that you had a different way of calculating the effect and then I did not bother to replicate it and to find out for all the means and standard deviations what it was. So I just thought well, it makes sense that it is big – that it is that big. Well, I just thought - after all, I just accepted that it is such a big effect.
Matlab.
Ehm, yes. Well, yes. I drew randomly from a normal distribution so that uses a random number generator in the background. So I did not – so, I guess, yes.
No. Just looking at the means of real data.
No.
Ehm, well, ehm, no not really. All I thought the way I generated it was kind of – I started out with doing it like this and then I thought of all these things like should I add random noise and vary the standard deviations within a person and add a gender effect and make it – eh, add outliers and stuff. And then I kind of thought, well, you probably won’t notice that too much anyway except for maybe the standard deviations might be a little bit bigger for some people when there is outliers – but I didn’t think that it would affect it enough to make it worth it. And also I thought, well if we were replicating like with young students or something they probably do the task pretty seriously. And I thought perhaps it is not that strange to not have any outliers. So then I just kind of stuck with my original simple plan of drawing from normal distributions with appropriate means and standard deviations.
Ehm, I kind of think so. But that would mean that most data that is fabricated is pretty difficult to detect but I kind of think that that might be the case. So, I think it is quite difficult.
Ehm, because I think that if you have these samples of quite a lot of trials then the means of those subjects would look quite normal. Probably normally distributed. So, I think it is hard to distinguish it from an actual normal distribution [?]. Yeah. So, I think it is quite a difficult task to do because yeah … yeah.
I thought it was an interesting question of how to fabricate data and to think about it and yeah. I thought it was fun to do. And, yeah, we also get the reward, of course, which is also nice.
Yes, so I asked a colleague who uses Stroop tasks also with healthy participants as a control. And I asked what her standard deviations and means were.
No.
I don’t think so.
I don’t think so.
