Yes.
Social psychology.
I did conduct experiments but not the Stroop task, I think, no.
I learned about it in my Bachelor psychology and Research Master program as well. So, I know what the idea is and how it is conducted.
Once a week - more than once a week, I use R. Less than that I use SPSS. Yeah, mostly R.
To my peers? Let's say 8.
7.
The actual fabrication: one day. I thought about it a little before that. But the process itself took one day.
I think, 3 days.
I think maybe two and a half hours. Something like that.
6.
Yeah. As I said, I thought a little bit about different strategies that I could use. I thought about looking things up but didn't do so in the end. No. So, mostly thinking about it.
Half an hour - or something.
No.
No.
My first idea was of just generating or simulating data based on the statistics of existing experiments. So, for example, generating data that has a particular mean and standard deviation for the two conditions. So, that basically was my first idea. But then I thought, ok, there is probably all kinds of aspects of this data that I don't know about besides just having a proper mean and sd. So, that's probably not gonna work. Maybe, I should just use existing data and then make sure that they don't find out that it is existing data.
Ja. Basically, as I said, instead of simulating data I decided to use existing data.
No, I don't think so.
I have heard of some cases in which, for example, the effects were too perfect in some ways. So, for example, a study with three conditions in which the means were exactly linear. Or another flag that I have heard about in relation to the Diederik Stapel case was data that was obviously copy-pasted so that you get the same means or standard deviations or whatever. Other stuff I heard about was that people are very bad at just randomly generating data themselves. So, just entering numbers in Excel, I knew, was probably not going to work because I would probably not be able to generate enough - or proper randomness myself. So, those were the main factors I thought about but, yeah as I said, I also thought that my - there is probably more that I don't know about. So, yeah.
Yeah. First, basically, just the absence of the things I just mentioned. So, no too perfect data, no copy-pasted data, obviously, no data that has some kind of pattern in it in a way. And there might be more but I don't know.
Indirectly, basically. If I would have simulated the data, I would have thought more about them. But now I just did it indirectly by making sure that I had real data which should have these characteristics.
Sorry, I am not sure I understand the question.
Again, not directly because I just used existing data on this. But I can imagine, for example, that scores - eh the congruent trials and incongruent trials scores highly correlate within-participants. So, that is something I thought about but, again, did not directly influence.
Yeah, basically, I think, the only thing I used was existing data. Oh and I added a little bit of error to the existing data so - yeah, probably it wouldn't have been possible but I wanted to make sure that you couldn't compare my data set to this existing data set and then find the specific cases I used. So (?), I added a little bit of random error.
One thing I had difficulties with was that the data set I found was a data set from many labs had only 21 congruent trials per participant and your task required 25. So, I think that with more trials the standard deviation becomes lower. So, probably, my standard deviation is a little higher than on average in this kind of tasks but I didn't find - or I couldn't find a good way to change that so I just left it like it was. But that is probably an imperfection.
One other thing I wasn't sure about: The task said to report the means and standard deviations in milliseconds. So, I rounded them to full numbers but I wasn't sure if that was the - yeah whether I was supposed to do that.
Jep. I downloaded a data set from the many labs on Open Science Framework. I, then, took - eh sampled 25 sessions - so data from 25 participants from this data set. And for each participant, I only kept the first 21 congruent trials and the first 21 incongruent trials. And then, basically, for each of these 21 trials for each participant, I calculated the mean.
Jep. I took the same data that I sampled for the means and then calculated the standard deviation for each participant.
Yeah, oh, yeah. And after I calculated the means and standard deviations I added a little bit of error to each mean score and each standard deviation. I didn't really know what numbers I should use. So, I just picked - eh sampled from a random distribution with a mean of 0 and standard deviation of 10 for the means. And a mean of 0 and standard deviation of 3 for the standard deviations. As these just seemed like good numbers.
Yeah, a normal distribution, yeah.
Yeah. I wanted just random noise and I thought this would be one way to do it.
No. I just - I picked - so, for the random sampling, I picked a seed number which I just used and then I only, basically, looked at the results after I ran all the numbers. I might have done it again and pick a different seed number if the results were not significant because the results needed to be significant for the task. But in this case, they were, so I didn't need to change anything.
Yeah, basically, the only thing I looked at was whether the result was significant or not.
I did look to see if there was some variation at least in the means and in the standard deviations. Also to make sure that I didn't make any errors. But I didn't really look at how random it seemed or anything. I just trusted the procedure.
Yeah, again, not really, no.
Yeah, basically, it was just this one. I did first run it a few times without setting a seed but then I thought it is probably better to set a seed so that they can reproduce my exact analysis. So yeah, I did try some stuff but never really for real, so to speak.
R, ja.
Oh ja, ... and I used Excel but just to copy-paste in the values, I think. So, no.
Yeah. I used a random number generator to generate the noise that I added.
Oh and also to sample by the way. To sample from the data. That was also random, of course.
Yes.
So, yeah. All the - I started with only real data and then added some simulated noise.
No, that was it.
The actual like procedure wasn't very difficult. But coming up with a good idea was fairly (?) difficult.
I think so. But that's mainly because I cannot think of any ways to detect it myself. But there is probably ways that I don't know about that might work here.
One, because I think it is fun. I like to play around with data. Two, because, I think, 100 Euros is a nice incentive. And three, also because I like the idea of competition.
Only after I was completely done with all the creation of the data.
No.
No, I don't think so.
I did feel a bit excited or nervous during the data fabrication. And I thought about it. I thought it is probably for three reasons. One is, it felt a little bit wrong. Just, you know, the idea of creating your own data. But also because I wasn't sure whether I was allowed to use real data. It didn't really say so in the task. But also it is like - it is not simulating and (?) actually creating new data. And three, because of the competetive element, it was also more exciting than just, you know, doing some random stuff.
